fix: Ensures event_trigger `disabled` is included in the PUT payload (#2690)
mongodb/terraform-provider-mongodbatlas: .changelog/2690.txt

```release-note:bug

> resource/mongodbatlas_event_trigger: Ensures `disabled` is included in the PUT payload: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
resource/mongodbatlas_event_trigger: Includes `disabled` in the PUT payload.
```

Author: Our changelog entries doesn't end with punctuation.
I'm afraid `Includes` is not specific enough. It was included when there was changes but not always.
Maybe change to `Always includes` instead?

Reviewer: Yes, "Always includes..." sounds good to me. Thanks!
